fix: path for cleaning extensions (#314)
kyma-project/kyma-dashboard: .githooks/README.md

# Git Hooks

## Overview

This directory provides Git hooks that you can use in a standard Git development flow.

## Installation

To use Git hooks in your local Git repository, configure the default Git hooks path.
To do so, run this command in the root of your `kyma-dashboard` Git repository:
```shell
git config core.hooksPath .githooks
```
Now, your local Git repository uses Git hooks from the `.githooks` path.

> ## Troubleshooting

Author: If I understand correctly, we have just one troubleshooting case, so it can stay here.

### Mac: VCS Integration in GoLand Can't Use Applications Installed by Homebrew

This is an issue that is known for all JetBrains IDEs which run on a Mac.
Upon startup, GoLand initializes the `PATH` based on the macOS' `launchd` path.
<!-- markdown-link-check-disable-next-line -->
The [solution](https://apple.stackexchange.com/questions/51677/how-to-set-path-for-finder-launched-applications) is to add `/usr/local/bin` path to the system `PATH` variable by using the command listed below.
```shell
sudo launchctl config user path /usr/local/bin:/usr/bin:/bin:/usr/sbin:/sbin
```
>**CAUTION:** This change is applied to ALL uses of a computer!

After running this command, reboot your machine to apply changes.

## Hooks List
|Name|Type|Description|
|---|---|---|

> |01-prepare-extensibility|pre-commit|Automatically check changes in dev, stage, prod folders, pack extensions and adds the resulting files to the commit if there were any changes.| 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|01-prepare-extensibility|pre-commit|Automatically checks for changes in the `dev`, `stage`, and `prod` folders and pack extensions. If the hook detects any changes, it adds the missing files to the commit.| 
```
not sure if I got it right... 
what are pack extensions? maybe extension packs?

# Git Hooks

## Overview

This directory provides Git hooks that you can use in a standard Git development flow.

## Installation

To use Git hooks in your local Git repository, configure the default Git hooks path.
To do so, run this command in the root of your `kyma-dashboard` Git repository:
```shell
git config core.hooksPath .githooks
```
Now, your local Git repository uses Git hooks from the `.githooks` path.

## Troubleshooting

### Mac: VCS Integration in GoLand Can't Use Applications Installed by Homebrew

#### Cause

This is a common issue for all JetBrains IDEs that run on a Mac.
GoLand initializes the `PATH` upon startup based on the macOS `launchd` path.
<!-- markdown-link-check-disable-next-line -->
#### Remedy

1. Add the `/usr/local/bin` path to the system `PATH` variable using the following command:
   ```shell
   sudo launchctl config user path /usr/local/bin:/usr/bin:/bin:/usr/sbin:/sbin

>    >**CAUTION:** This command introduces the change to ALL computer users.

Reviewer: Please fix the formatting.

![Screenshot 2024-06-19 at 08 20 57](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma-dashboard/assets/23300533/f3dcd179-a8d7-4814-93d7-07953157cfd4)

We need to end the code block first, leave an empty line, and only in the following one add the caution note.
